add CoC and related procedures (#16)
UNIVERSE-HPC/UNIVERSE-HPC.github.io: _pages/events/report-incident.md

---
layout: single
classes: wide
title: UNIVERSE-HPC Events - Attendee Procedure for Reporting Harassment
permalink: /events/code-of-conduct/report-incident
author_profile: false

---

Please contact any staff dedicated to enforcing the Code of Conduct at our events:
- Jeremy Cohen (Imperial College London) - [jeremy.cohen@imperial.ac.uk](mailto:jeremy.cohen@imperial.ac.uk)
- Eirini Zormpa (Imperial College London) - [e.zormpa@imperial.ac.uk](mailto:ezormpa@imperial.ac.uk)
- Neil Chue Hong (University of Edinburgh) - [n.chuehong@epcc.ed.ac.uk](mailto:n.chuehong@epcc.ed.ac.uk)

> The staff dedicated to enforcing the Code of Conduct are prepared to handle the incident. They are all informed of the [Code of Conduct policy](http://www.universe-hpc.ac.uk/events/code-of-conduct) and [guide for handling harassment](http://www.universe-hpc.ac.uk/events/code-of-conduct/respond-to-incident) at our events.

Reviewer: Some further links to edit:

```suggestion
The staff dedicated to enforcing the Code of Conduct are prepared to handle the incident. They are all informed of the [Code of Conduct policy]({{ site.baseurl}}/events/code-of-conduct) and [guide for handling harassment]({{ site.baseurl}}/events/code-of-conduct/respond-to-incident) at our events.
```

1. Report the harassment incident via email to one of the staff listed above. All reports are confidential.
2. When reporting the event, try to gather as much information as possible, but do not interview people about the incident. A member of staff will assist you in writing the report/collecting information.
3. The important information we need consists of:
	- Identifying information (name) of the participant doing the harassing
	- The behaviour that was in violation
	- The approximate time of the behaviour (if different than the time the report was made)
	- The circumstances surrounding the incident
	- Other people involved in the incident

> 4. The staff dedicated to enforcing the Code of Conduct will handle the incident following the [Staff procedure for responding to incidents](http://www.universe-hpc.ac.uk/events/code-of-conduct/respond-to-incident).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The staff dedicated to enforcing the Code of Conduct will handle the incident following the [Staff procedure for responding to incidents]({{ site.baseurl}}/events/code-of-conduct/respond-to-incident).
```
